An entire list of changes (#64)
GalaxyRoblox/Policies: docs/moderation.md

///

### Out-of-Server Moderations

Galaxy's moderation team generally does not police rulebreaking behavior in servers that are not owned or operated by Galaxy. Such behavior should ordinarily be handled by the moderation team of the server in which it occurs, as determined by that server's rules and policies.

However, certain types of violations may be moderated by Galaxy's moderation team regardless of where the violation occurs. These categories are as follows:

> - **Extreme** cases of [targeted harassment and/or defamation](#harassment "Major - Targeted Harassment")

Reviewer: Remember to change this alongside my other review comment.

///

### Out-of-Server Moderations

Galaxy's moderation team generally does not police rulebreaking behavior in servers that are not owned or operated by Galaxy. Such behavior should ordinarily be handled by the moderation team of the server in which it occurs, as determined by that server's rules and policies.

However, certain types of violations may be moderated by Galaxy's moderation team regardless of where the violation occurs. These categories are as follows:

- [Doxxing](#doxxing "Leaking Personally Identifiable Information")
- **Extreme** cases of [targeted harassment and/or defamation](#harassment "Targeted Harassment")

> - [Discord Terms of Service / Community Guidelines violations](#discord-tos-cg "Forbidden - Violating Terms of Service / Community Guidelines"), when relevant to community safety.

Reviewer: Please keep the alt text format consistent. It should just be the category header.

A violation occurring outside of Galaxy's officially owned and operated servers does not, by itself, prevent our team from taking moderation action when the violation falls within one of the aforementioned categories.

> For clarity, none of the following servers are ever considered officially owned by Galaxy:

Reviewer: I would change this to instead list what qualifies as a Galaxy official server, instead of saying what doesn't. Generally, a Galaxy official server is one in which the Galaxy staff team administrates and moderates the server, and where the server is owned by a Galaxy staff member.

Author: Wouldn't AP technically be an official server under this definition, or does Li_am being an admin technically prevent that? 😭

Reviewer: No, because AP is not managed or moderated by the Galaxy staff team. Just me, butter, and liam. I don't give other staff members (you, pata, starforce) special permissions there just because you're Galaxy staff; that's the criteria.

Author: I suppose

### Improper Channel Usage

- Posting messages in channels meant for a specific purpose, in a way that disregards that purpose.

>     - e.g. posting messages in `#!cpp #bug-reports` that are not bug reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - e.g. creating posts in `#!cpp #bug-reports` that are not bug reports.
```

    - This is usually invoked for common jokes such as "kys" when those jokes have no target.
    - If someone is being explicitly told to commit self harm or suicide, moderate the encourager under [Encouraging Self Harm](#encouraging-self-harm "Forbidden - Encouraging Self Harm") instead.

> ### Targeted Harassment {#harassment}

Reviewer: This shouldn't be necessary. You should be able to refer to this category in masked links as `targeted-harassment` without overriding the header link.

Reviewer: This wasn't resolved.

Author: I guess bro... fine

### Scaling

> - If the user's most recent moderation is 6 months or older, then their moderation history is effectively reset back to 0 offenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user's most recent moderation is 6 months or older, then their moderation history is effectively reset back to 0 offenses.
```
